if you can only have one computer to do
all of your stuff every single task that
you
need it would probably be this one the
Asus G14 before we look at the laptop
let's have a little look at the charger
for Power we've got a 180 W power
adapter that is delivered through the
Asus slim powerjack TM this right here
is kind of like USB type-c but you can't
plug USB type-c stuff into it that would
be a bad time and it also delivers way
more current which allows us to actually
have higher efficiency through it so
here is the brand new 2024 Asus G14 now
you will see that we are missing the
animatrix on the back which is a little
bit sad cuz I really like putting a line
of sad face just on the back of my
laptop but at the same time how much I'm
actually going to miss it is almost zero
the io that we get is really quite good
given the size of this thing so on the
right hand side we have an SD card
reader just a small one fulls sizee USB
type A and A type c that does 10 gbit
and display port left hand side we have
headphone microphone combo Jack another
USB type A A type c fulls sizee HDMI 2.1
and our little Asus slim powerjack TM
seems pretty light pretty light for a
4070 at least what do you think this
seems riged around
3.7 lb maybe o no 3.3 it is actually
lighter than I expected which is quite
good oh we have the full aluminum body
for this year it's all CNC machine and I
have to say it looks absolutely
fantastic this right here is like
MacBook levels of quality this might be
close to exceeding a Macbook quality
let's see 14-in MacBook 14-in Asus
oh that's pretty darn close the Asus
might even have the edge which is
shocking before I turn this on I've
heard that these will speak to you a
little bit when they start up let's see
wow that sounded just like a segue to
this sponsor thanks to Zen market for
sponsoring this video buying from
overseas can be Troublesome and
expensive but Zen Market helps by
consolidating your orders for free and
sending them out in as few shipments as
possible so if you're missing something
from the collection you just bought you
can add it for no additional cost in
fact Zen Market has a 60-day free
storage period which means you can keep
shopping for more stuff before
confirming your full order over 10,000
Japanese stores are supported like
Amazon rakuin or if you're looking for
some more Niche products like these
albums from Tower Records or this 3DS LL
from surugaya zenmarket can help you too
simply copy the item link and paste it
into the search bar fill in some info
and let the buying team do the rest Zen
Market has support for 19 languages and
is trusted by over 2 million users
worldwide so don't wait even better Zen
Market is celebrating their 10th
anniversary so from now up until April
30th you can get 1,000 bonus Zen points
the equivalent of 1,000 yen off your
International shipping fee and get 10%
off your first parcel just visit the
link below create a free account and use
the codes shortcircuit and zen1 ship all
right let's have a gander at how
powerful this thing is so for the
processor we have an AMD ryzen 9 8945 HS
which has AI in it it's apparently the
same as 7,000 but with some AI bolted on
and really that's probably going to be
really good for you in the future I feel
like these sort of AI accelerators will
not be super useful for a couple years
but will be the sort of thing where in 5
or 10 years it might be the difference
between this laptop running kind of well
and just being awful for memory we have
32 GB of ddr5 6400 megat transfer per
second stuff in here a
wd 1 TB SSD a mediatech WiFi 6E chip can
I get a boo Bo thank you I really do not
like mediatech I've had so many issues
where I'm using an AMD laptop that has a
mediate Tech Wi-Fi card in it and
whenever I go between access points it's
really bad for dropping out or just
generally not being reliable I much
prefer the Intel ones and if you can
swap one of those into here I would
highly highly recommend it but we also
have that's very controversial is the
Nvidia RTX
470 that's controversial because last
year's model had up to a 4090 and now a
4070 is as high as you can go in this
and I personally think that's totally
fine I have have seen some people
complaining online but this is so much
thinner and just generally more portable
than last year's version that I think
the tradeoff is quite good especially
since you're not getting the performance
of a 490 in this this cannot properly
cool a 490 like you can physically put
it in here but why it's just going to be
loud it's not going to be all of the 49s
performance and I really like what Asus
has done here and just made the laptop
smaller and put the GPU that people
actually buy yeah or get mad at me down
below maybe you want the 490 by last
year's and finally there's an AMD radon
780m that is just the integrated
graphics and it allows us to do you know
normal integrated Graphics stuff I'm
guessing no
touchscreen yeah no touchcreen but oh
well this is an incredible panel
especially for a laptop of this size so
it is OLED love to see that 2880 by 1800
so that's sort of like your 1440p but
stretch related vertically so you have
that 16 by10 which is just awesome
because you can see so much extra
content when you're doing like web
browsing working on videos photos words
any of those now for the display you're
going to want to configure your settings
because it does really change how well
this panel is delivering the photons to
your eyeballs so when the Armory crate
here we go over to game visual now the
color gamut native right here is a vivid
profile and that is going to just sear
your eyeballs with the most Vivid of
vivid colors now a lot of people do like
that but if you want to do photo editing
or just generally look at things how
they were intended it has an average
Delta e of 4.4 which is just not very
good the good news is though if we come
in here go from native to just srgb and
apply that we now have a display that
isn't quite as vibrant but it is able to
deliver those visuals to you with an
average Delta e of 0.9 which is
absolutely fantastic we expect below two
for professional color work so this rate
here you can be doing professional color
work and I don't know uploading your
bestest pictures to Instagram that
you've ever done now one thing that is
unfortunate is that for whatever reason
this laptop got really mad at the
software that we use to check the color
accuracy of displays when it was in HDR
so we were able to verify that it has a
brightness of 6 100 nits in HDR which is
very impressive but we weren't able to
verify if it is color accurate in HDR
that said though it looks really good in
HDR we can tell you that much and given
its SDR performance we do imagine it is
very very good we just cannot verify
that with anything other than our
eyeballs last thing to talk about
Hardware wise is the keyboard and the
trackpad and they are excellent I would
give it a very solid a like if we look
right here keycap stability is excellent
I can push push on the corner and get a
tiny bit of deflection but if I really
press on it the whole key is going to
actuate long before the corner of this
key gets below the chassis also the
consistency from key to key fantastic
also below the keyboard we have this
trackpad and it is excellent it's nice
and large really as big as they could
get in here that was a very large Source
bot on the previous G4S you were kind of
giving up a good trackpad for having
like a 49 or whatever the heck now of
course this is a gaming laptop so I want
to make sure that you guys get a really
good idea of how this works in the games
that you are definitely going to play
starting and probably ending with crab
Champions so guess we've discovered one
problem here uh 2880 by 1800 is pretty
strange normally if you have more of
like a 1440p you would go for 2560 x600
so this is a little bit larger and this
game does not support it lots of games
probably don't support it really if they
just have a settings menu so that might
be annoying at times that still looks
pretty darn good though first thing I'm
noticing this Ola display looks
fantastic so we seem to be getting a
pretty solid 110 to 130
FPS okay the smoothness of this display
is incredible and that's aided a lot by
the fact that this has gsync now in our
LT video we go into this in more depth
but basically this panel is refreshing
or more so updating 960 times every
single second that allows you to get
around the problems of changing how long
each pixel is on for it's always on 960
times per second and how many times you
display each frame is how you get that
gsync variable refresh rate instead of
trying to like make each individual
frame last a different amount of time
besides crab game we try this out in a
couple different games against Lenovo
Legion slim 7i that has an I9 a 4070 and
32 GB of RAM so it's pretty comparable
to this although it is larger so you
would expect it to be a little bit
better and it was I would say something
like 10% faster or so which is very
impressive for the G14 given that it is
significantly smaller and nearly as
powerful so good job there Asus okay how
are the speakers in
this that sounds very
clear oh oh when Asus was here they said
this might be the best sounding 14-in
laptop and they might be
right all right let's compare it to the
HP
wow it's way better than the HP
dragonfly MacBook very few laptops get
to the MacBook stage of this test all
right here's the Asus zepis
G14 oh that's really close
[Music]
MacBook Pro
oh I think we can call that a tie the
MacBook has a little bit more on the
high end but I think that's more so just
the target curve that they're going for
you could probably get a little bit more
trouble on this if you wanted to but
they're both loud they're both clear
excellent jaw suus on this and finally
let's have a look at the webcam this
thing is 1080p you guys remember when
they used to not even have webcams on
this thing that was stupid I'm glad they
changed that and this one's really
really good look at that up here we also
have Windows hello facial recognition so
you can get into it just using your face
even that is getting a little bit
confused but like fair enough there's
big bright lights right here and you can
even see Andy 11 T6 screws later some of
which are different lengths so be
careful we can get in side first thing
in here we have a
73w battery and our testing it was able
to get us a very impressive nearly 10
hours which for a gaming laptop
particularly one with a 4070 is
incredibly impressive that's how you're
able to have a laptop like this where I
was saying if you can only have one
computer buy this one that's what this
has that stands out against the
competition like that slim 7 that we're
were talking before that slim 7 got 4
hours and 45 minutes now if you do want
to fully load this thing up with
combuster for some reason on battery it
does only get you an hour but at the
same time just don't do that please here
we can see our Wi-Fi card is replaceable
which is excellent cuz you'll want to do
that and we have our SSD over here one
thing that's very very sad though is
that you cannot upgrade the RAM it is
all soldered down on the old version you
had one sodm slot that you were able to
swap in and out this one nothing couple
more fun things to look at in here we
have three fans they've got the little
one in the middle which is apparently
great for your vrms and just keeping
your temperatures down on the keyboard
actually one thing that I didn't talk
about before but is very nice is that
these do have a little bit to
ventilation right through WD so your
hands don't get too hot while you're
gaming now this cooler compared to some
of the others that we have seen is not
the most impressive but they are able to
overcome some of that by just simply
using liquid metal on this and of course
finally the price this model that we
have right here with 32 GB of RAM
terabyte of storage and the 470 will
cost you
$2,000 us now if you do want to spend a
little bit less you can get a 4060 16 GB
of RAM and a 1 tab SSD for $1,600 us
which is pretty good and it's also
pretty darn close to the omen transcend
14 which we're going to be looking at
very very soon it's on my desk right now
hit like get subscribe see you later